**------------------------------------------------------------------**


[GENERAL-ADJUSTMENTS]
- Player lead squads dodge disabled by setting Combat Behavior "RED" or "WHITE".
- Fix player led units stuck in prone behavior.
- Unconscious AI reporting players.
- Remove all player hints about captures etc (Ok for debugging only)
[4hrs]


[SQUAD-FEEDBACK]
- Add voices from voice actors (Yipmans job)
**[If it works, 0 hrs spent here, if not 2 hrs]**

[TAKE-COVER,-HIDE-&-DODGE]
- AI will prioritize dodging TOWARDS FIPOs over BFF positions if avail.
- Might not be necessary if dynamic FIPO is done.
[1hrs]

**---------------------------5hrs----------------------------------**
**------------------------------------------------------------------**

**DCO TRAITS SYSTEM**

-Create a trait system that replaces vanilla skills in SFSM to avoid interference with other systems.

-The traits will replace the vanilla courage settings and override or adjust vanilla skills to create desired behaviors.

-The traits can be set through the DCO Skill module That can later be made for zeus as well.

-implemented using a traits-module
[9hrs]

**---------------------------9hrs----------------------------------**
**-----------------------------------------------------------------**


**[FIPO RESTRCITED] SFSM 1.18**
FIPO param checkbox to allow a specific role being:
--> General (No restrictions), Rifleman, Machine gunner, Sniper, Medic, Group Leader, Anti-Tank. 

- It should be possible to allow or disable multiple roles. 
[3hrs]

**---------------------------3hrs----------------------------------**
**------------------------------------------------------------------**

**[FIPO OUTFLANKED] SFSM 1.18**

Left outflank angle slider:   +0 -----> 180
RIght outflank angle slider:  -0 -----> 180
[2hrs]

**---------------------------2hrs----------------------------------**
**-----------------------------------------------------------------**

**[FIPO HIT & RUN] SFSM 1.18**
- Add Cooldown slider to  FIPO (Default: 10 Seconds) 
- Add Timeout slider to FIPO (10 seconds) 
- Add Exit if # shots fired slider (Default: 10 shots)
- IDEA: Units in "open fire"/"RED" will only move into Hit and run FIPOs.
[7hrs]

**---------------------------7hrs----------------------------------**
**-----------------------------------------------------------------**

**[FIPO FUCKED] SFSM 1.18**

- Add "Disable if Fucked" checkbox to FIPO module. 

--> If there are dead bodies on or near a FIPO it will be disabled with a cooldown of 120 seconds.

--> If a building is destroyed and the FIPO is on the second floor the FIPO is fucked. (3 Options: 1. Building changed 2. && Second floor. 3. No long has cover/footing = Fucked)
[3hrs]

**---------------------------3hrs----------------------------------**
**-----------------------------------------------------------------**

**[DYNAMIC FIPO]**

- Set a Activation Sector Left 0-180 & Right 0-180.
- IDEA: Anything BUT the Activation sector is automatically considered Outflanked.

- Sector should be visible for mission designers after sector is set.

 [1st-iteration]
-If an enemy enters the Activation sector, the activation conditions are true and a unit is near the dynamic FIPO, the unit will enter the FIPO.

[2nd-iteration]
- Add a skill based randomizer will enable/disable the Dynamic FIPO where 1 General skill = 1 there is a 100% of chance of entering the FIPO. 

[Module-params]
- Dynamic FIPO Activation Sector [Default: Left 45, RIght 45]
*The sector by which a detected enemy will allow the position to be manned. 

- Dynamic FIPO Activation distance [Default: 300]
The distance to enable the FIPO if enemies are detected
[12hrs]

**---------------------------12hrs----------------------------------**
**-----------------------------------------------------------------**

**[OVERRUN SYSTEM REWRITE]**
-Introduce a morale score from 0-2 where 1 represent the basic mid-point.

-When morale is lower than 1, makes the unit more carefully and hesitant in combat as well as increasing the chance for the unit to "break".

-A broken unit will react by panic, surrendering or Fleeing based on various conditions.

-Morale higher than 1, means that the unit is "motivated" or "inspired" which increases the units aggression.

-Traumatic events will decrease morale, however a units courage and the proximity of friendly units and having a solid leader nearby with a good leadership trait will help the unit recover quicker.

-Killing enemies and winning fights, will help boost the morale.
CBA param to disable Panic, Surrender, Routed and counter-attack.
[7hrs]

**---------------------------7hrs----------------------------------**
**-----------------------------------------------------------------**


