[MINOR UPDATES]
- SFSM Event handlers (AKA ace)
- Sprint fnc : Count more objects before sprint. 


[SPECIALIST ACTIONS]
*** Snipers specialists
    - snipers with knowledge of a HVT will find a position and try to take him out (max 3 shots)
    <!-- - After 3 shots sniper will withdraw. -->
    - Cooldown is the same as return-fire cooldown
    - HVT`s are:
      1) Squad-leaders
      2) AT`s 
      3) Mg`s 
      4) Medics
      5) Turret-gunners
      6) Marksmen
**Flanking priority-pos**
**Side knowledge param**
**return to formation at end of hunt**
**return to battlefield if outside**

[EMERGENCY REARM]
- If a group already has TWO Launchers or TWO MGs within its group, infantry will not pick up another.

- Call for ammo for primary weapon from AI inside same squad (Ammo in classname or SM with correct ammo and > 2 mags)

- CBA options:
1. Add action for Buddy rearm.
2. Disable Action for Buddy rearm.  
**fix rearm for marksmen**

[EMERGENCY HEAL] (Possibly done in GPT voice to action)
- Add Action to call medic/CFR buddy upon moderate wounds (not incapacitated)
- Smoke before buddy-drag.
- CBA options:
1. Add an action to call Medics.
2. Disable action to call Medics.

--------------------------------
[SQUAD-FEEDBACK]
- Record voice acting sentences voice coverter.
-  Medics will announce that they intend to revive, are reviving and dragging. 
- Wounded AI units will call for medic (vocally)  (Unless in stealth mode) 
- Player character wont speak. 
- AI members announce actions and status (pinned down)


[HIJACK VEHICLE]
- Add CBA param: 
1. AI hijacks all vehicles always.
2. AI never hijacks vehicles used by a player.
3. Player gets action to disable AI hijacking.



[FIGHTING POSITION]
See separate file.

